DOCSP-46121: cleanup (#97)
mongodb/docs-mongoid: source/configuration/collection-config.txt

You can specify configuration options for a collection by using the
``:collection_options`` argument with the ``store_in``
macro. The ``:collection_options`` argument accepts any collection option that

> your {+ruby-driver+} and {+mdb-server+} version supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your {+ruby-driver+} and {+mdb-server+} versions support.
```
